As the proprietor of SpiceGlaze; Chicago's third highest rated donut bulgogi food truck, I'm very interested in CTA ridership dynamics, as these drive key business decisions in the dynamic, disruptive Mobile Culinary Space. Unlike brick-and-mortar establishments for whom location is a one-off decision, food trucks must have to make continuous, day to day decisions based on customer dynamics. 

First, and most obviously, raw commuter traffic data can be valuable in determining hot spots for food trucks. Simply knowing which stops have the greatest foot traffic can be a great help in guiding where trucks should be positioned in general. However, since food trucks are mobile platforms, more granular data -- with seasonal and time of day variations -- can be particularly valuable in allowing our trucks to move with the demand. These could -- and should -- consist of summary statistics of the existing market, but forward projections can also be quite helpful in longer term strategic planning.

External data sources can also be extremely helpful of course. Our company has some personal/anecdotal information on the behavior of competitors, but a more quantitative approach could be very beneficial. GIS, drone, or traffic camera data on these could give us a more quantitative sense of this, and which stops to avoid. Brick and mortar retailers are obviously well known, but better rental market data could also play into this; knowing the most expensive parts of town helps to clarify where our non-renting trucks might have the largest comparative advantage against stationary proprietors. Finally, as always, social media data associated with certain areas -- including text, traffic, and reviews -- can significantly inform our sense of geographical variances in response to our brand and products.

Everything from simple plots to tableau dashboards to D3 map visualizations of demand could be helpful, but spreadsheets of the raw data itself are also hugely valuable. The more progressively complicated our data set becomes become, the more and more at a premium more complex visualizations will be -- in order to, say, illustrate the intersection of seasonal dynamics and competition.